Neighborhood Battle 1: The Description

1. Problem

Open a new buffet restaurant but where is a good spot for it?

Someone would like to open a new buffet restaurant in a neighborhood in Toronto, Ontario, Canada. They do not want to have too
much competition in the new area primarily in the way of other buffet restaurants nearby. Another possible consideration is the
number of other restaurants of any kind nearby or the cost of the neighborhood. The restaurant will open but the neighborhood is
not yet decided. The target audience for this particular problem would be anyone looking to see good locations for their new
restaurant.

2. Solution

Using the Foursquare API will allow for fairly detailed data about neighborhoods in Toronto, Ontario, Canada. This data includes
information about the local venues which can be cut down to give information on the number and kind of restaurant venues in a chosen
area. This knowledge will help guide the decision. Datasets concerning other factors such as location costs may also be used. For
example, if all things are equal in the way of restaurant competition, location costs may tip the odds. The reverse is true as well.

Example of data returned from the Foursquare API after some cleaning:

Neighborhood
Latitude
Longitude
Venue Name
Venue Latitude
Venue Longitude
Venue Category

Heatmap of Toronto real estate prices:
https://www.canadianbusiness.com/blogs-and-comment/check-out-this-heat-map-of-toronto-real-estate-prices/

The Foursquare data will be used to create a Folium visual to show where relevant venues are located in Toronto. This visual will
be compared with the real estate price heatmap. With this comparison, other factors may require consideration and will be added as
needed. The final result will be a more qualitative recommendation rather than a purely quantitative one.


The stated location may or may not be used in the final assignment.
This data may or may not be used in the final assignment.
Additional data not mentioned here may or may not be used in the final assignment.
